all right I have an admittedly insane
idea but if I don't ask you this it's
just gonna help me the rest of my life I
have no idea what your situation is but
I feel like we have some kind of a
connection right yeah me too
great so listen here's the deal this is
what we should do you should get off the
train with me here in Vienna and come
check out the temple we just got into
Vienna today and we're looking for
something fun to do it's pregnancy
English yeah I'm gonna call my best
friend in Paris I'm supposed to have
lunch with in eight hours okay okay I
don't think I'm gonna be able to make it
for lunch today I'm sorry I met a guy in
the train and I got offered them Indiana
we still there are you crazy probably
[Music]
you have beautiful blue eyes nice pink
lips
Lucy hair
I like to feel his eyes on me enabled
away we couldn't possibly know where
light like
so important to my life right now but it
in since we've ever gonna see each other
again I don't think we should sleep
together woodsy sure that you I don't
want you to break a vow to say Jim get
laid
[Music]
then I like to be done bite off the head
after mating insert the news likes to
that you know like spiders and stuff we
at least let you live
[Music]